1A. Design a simple machine learning model to train the training instances and test the same using Python.

1B. FIND-S - Implement and demonstrate the FIND-S algorithm for finding the most specific hypothesis based on a given set of training data samples. Read the training data from a .CSV file.

2A. Principal Component analysis - Perform Data Loading, Feature selection (Principal Component analysis) and Feature Scoring and Ranking.

2B. Candidate- Elimination - For a given set of training data examples stored in .CSV file, implement and demonstrate the Candidate- Elimination algorithm to output a description of the set of all hypotheses consistent with the training examples.

3. Decision Tree and Random forest - Write a program to implement Decision Tree and Random forest with Prediction, Test Score and Confusion Matrix.

4A.  Least Square Regression - For a given set of training data examples stored in a .CSV file implement Least Square Regression algorithm. (Use Univariate dataset )

4B.  Logistic Regression - For a given set of training data examples stored in a .CSV file implement Logistic Regression algorithm. (Use Multivariate dataset )

5. k-Nearest Neighbor - Write a program to implement k-Nearest Neighbor algorithm to classify the iris data set.

6A. Distance methods - Implement the different Distance methods (Euclidean, Manhattan Distance, Minkowski Distance) with Prediction, Test Score and Confusion Matrix.

6B. K means - Implement the classification model using clustering for the following techniques with K means clustering with Prediction, Test Score and Confusion Matrix.

7A. hierarchical - Implement the classification model using clustering for the following techniques with hierarchical clustering with Prediction, Test Score and Confusion Matrix

7B. Rule based method  - Implement the Rule based method and test the same.

8A. Bayesian network-  Write a program to construct a Bayesian network considering medical data. Use this model to demonstrate the diagnosis of heart patients using standard Heart Disease Data Set.

8B NON Prarmentric model - Implement the non-parametric Locally Weighted Regression algorithm in order to fit data points. Select appropriate data set for your experiment and draw graphs.
